Add examples for FIELD() and FIND_IN_SET() (#16936)
pingcap/docs: functions-and-operators/string-functions.md

> Return the index (position)of the first argument in the subsequent arguments.
> 
> ```sql
> SELECT FIELD('needle', 'A', 'needle', 'in', 'a', 'haystack');
> ```
> 
> ```
> +-------------------------------------------------------+
> | FIELD('needle', 'A', 'needle', 'in', 'a', 'haystack') |
> +-------------------------------------------------------+
> |                                                     2 |
> +-------------------------------------------------------+
> 1 row in set (0.00 sec)
> ```
> 
> Here the first argument of `FIELD()` is `needle` and this matches the second one of the following arguments, so the function returns 2.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Return the index (position) of the first argument in the subsequent arguments.

In the following example, the first argument of `FIELD()` is `needle`, and it matches the second argument in the following list, so the function returns `2`.

```sql
SELECT FIELD('needle', 'A', 'needle', 'in', 'a', 'haystack');
+-------------------------------------------------------+
| FIELD('needle', 'A', 'needle', 'in', 'a', 'haystack') |
+-------------------------------------------------------+
|                                                     2 |
+-------------------------------------------------------+
1 row in set (0.00 sec)
```
````
